Yes. So there are programs, and specifically we're talking here about
PhD programs. Um, most masters level programs are you have to pay to
go to them. Um, but if you're looking at PhD level programs, programs
that focus on research, So not training people to be like clinical
psychologist or counselors. Um, but just training them, training people
to do research in the field of psychology programs like that.
Often times not only don't charge you to go there as a student, but
you actually get paid for the work that you're doing for the research
work you're doing. So, for instance, you know tuition is often waved.
Fees are often waved books and supplies or paid for um And then,
in addition to that, the work that you are doing like as a research
assistant, for instance, which is usually a part of the program, is
you're working in a lab and you're contributing to the research. You
actually get paid for doing that work on DSO. It's kind of like, you
know, having a job while being in school, but your job is being in
school